c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\jerry.xnb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Bolo.xnb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Bomba.xnb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Cereja.xnb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Morango.xnb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Queijo.xnb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\JerryEL.exe
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\JerryEL.pdb
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\obj\x86\Debug\JerryEL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\obj\x86\Debug\JerryEL.exe
c:\users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\obj\x86\Debug\JerryEL.pdb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Cupcake.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\bg.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\somhit.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\somsteps.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\sombomba.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\somfrutas.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\somderruba.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fontes\fontePontos.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\music.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Audios\music.wma
C:\Users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Vida.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\gameover.xnb
C:\Users\letic\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\inicio.xnb
C:\Users\letic\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JerryEL\JerryEL\JerryEL\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fontes\fontePontuacao.xnb
